add `click` TLD (#1105)
AdguardTeam/FiltersRegistry: README.md

>     This command processes platform filters and expands wildcard domains
>     based on the previously generated map in the file [wildcard_domains.json].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This command processes platform-specific filters and replaces wildcard domains with actual
    live domains based on the map in the file [wildcard_domains.json].
```
